Hi and welcome to the Open Visualization Academy.
My name is Alberto Cairo. I am the Knight Chair in
infographics and data visualization at the School
of Communication of the University of Miami,
where I also work for the Frost Institute
for Data Science and Computing. The Open
Visualization Academy is probably my most
ambitious project to this date. What I'm
planning to do is to create a platform in which
we gather knowledge about information design,
infographics, data visualization, and
data communication. The launch date
for the open visualization academy is
December the 10th of 2025. Until then,
we are going to be working on a series of video
courses for all of you. The first one is going
to be an introduction to information graphics
and data visualization that I will do myself.
I will teach you the basics. I will teach
you how to start from the very bottom and
then bring up your skills to the next level.
How to create engaging and beautiful and clear
uh data visualizations, maps, graphs, charts and
diagrams that you can use with your clients or
that you can use in your workplace. Then after
that after my course we are going to be also be
launching a series of courses that will go deeply
into different aspects of data visualization.
The second component of the open visualization
academy is a series of indepth courses that touch
upon different aspects, different elements of
the craft or different components of the craft
of data visualization. Besides these conceptual
courses, we'll also have software tutorials.
So for instance, we're going to have an
introduction to the R programming language,
an introduction to Python, to rographs, to data
wrapper, to Adobe Illustrator. These are all
tools that are very dominant in the world of data
visualization. And then the third component of the
open visualization academy, this is going to be
a massive open online course that I'm planning to
offer every year beginning this December. All the
materials, all these courses and tutorials that
we are going to release on December the 10th
of 2025 are going to be free and open source.
I'm very excited about this project and I hope
that you are excited too. We will see you soon.